## Authentication

Great job going with OAuth2. It's what I suggest people to use. You've also
created an initial credentials so users can get going quickly.

## Red Flags

Your API responds to traffic over HTTP, which means API tokens can be trivially
stolen by anyone sniffing traffic. I'd suggest shutting down port 80 for
`api.wit.ai`, so that non-SSL requests never travel over the network.

The `/message` endpoint has serious flaws that can result in unexpected data
loss. Please see the `/message` section in the Resources section below.

Your endpoints support a mix of `appliction/json` and
`application/x-www-form-urlencoded` payloads. Pick one or support both on all
endpoints.

## Versioning

Custom mime-types with versions? Great! This is exactly how you should be doing
versioning. There are a few problems with your implementation. Invalid version
numbers, either in the Accept header or the URL, do not cause API errors.
Because of this, as a client I'm not sure if my version number is correct.

The API should raise a 4XX error when an invalid API version is provided. If
yIour going to stick with custom mime-types, please return them in resposnes 
instead of `application/json`. This also tells the client what version of the
API is being used.

Since you can specify versions in two places (header and URL parameter),
document the order of precedence.

Once you have more than one version, create an API changelog[1] so clients know
what's changed.

[1]: https://stripe.com/docs/upgrades

## Content-Type

All returned `Content-type` headers should also include the character set.
Currently, only the errors are being served with `charset=utf8`.

Without an `Accept` header, the API responds in plain-text, but the
`Content-Type` is `text/html`.

## Errors

Many of your errors contain an empty `code`. This code is used by many
developers to detect specific failure cases, so please populate it. I'd also
add a URL where users can find out more information concerning the error.

```
{
  "code":  "bad_request",
  "error": "Account reached its API rate limit.",
  "url":   "https://docs.wit.ai/parameters",
}
```

## Resources

Instead of making your clients construct URLs, and a `url` field to all
resources. Here's what the `message` resource would look like.

```
{
  "msg_id" : "387b8515-0c1d-42a9-aa80-e68b66b66c27",
  "_text" : "how many people between Tuesday and Friday",
  "url": "https://api.wit.ai/messages/387b8515-0c1d-42a9-aa80-e68b66b66c27",
  ...
}
```

### /message

GET requests should be safe (they don't change state) and idempotent (n number
of requests have the same effect as 1)[0].  The `/message` endpoint is neither. A
new resource message is created for every request, so I would suggest
deprecating this resource and switching to `POST` on the `/messages` endpoint
(see further below).

### Silently overwriting previous messages and unsafe GET

You allow clients to choose their own message ids, which can overwrite a
previous message silently via a GET request. Instead of letting client's pick
their own IDs, let them pick a `name` for their message. A name must be unique
to their account (and among all message ids), so you shouldn't allow the same
name to be used twice. Then you allow for a message to be retrieved by either
it's name or ID. This is the exact same behavior as the entities resource.

[0]: http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec9.html

Also, you aren't Google, so no need to try and save the few bytes on short
parameter names, use `query` instead of `q` and `outcomes` instead of `n`.

The underscore in the `_text` field seems out of place. Why not just call it
`text`?

Also, no need to prefix your other ID fields with their type. In the `outcomes`
list, intents should be included as an object instead of just a field name.
Doing this allows you to return more intent fields in the future without having
to prefix them with `intent_`.

```
"outcomes" : [ {
    "_text" : "how many people between Tuesday and Friday",
    "intent" : {
      "name": "query_metrics",
      "id" : "bc178849-0527-4a31-a0b0-fe84f8f8b9e4"
    }
    ...
} ]
```

### /speech

See the following section

### POST /messages

This endpoint is a combination of the `/speech` and `/message` endpoint. The
`context` field no longer needs to be nested JSON, it can be broken out into
separate fields. I'd still include the `entites` as JSON, as they're a
complicated structure.

```
curl -XPOST 'https://api.wit.ai/messages \
     -H 'Authorization: Bearer $MY_TOKEN' \
     -H 'Accept: application/vnd.wit.20140620+json' \
     -d query='how many people between Tuesday and Friday'
     -d state[]="yes_or_no"
     -d reference_time="2013-05-01T19:05:00"
     -d timezone="America/Los_Angeles"
```

Using multipart form data, we can use the same endpoint to upload audio

```
curl -XPOST 'https://api.wit.ai/messages \
     -H 'Authorization: Bearer $MY_TOKEN'
     -H 'Accept: application/vnd.wit.20140620+json'
     -d state[]="yes_or_no"
     -d reference_time="2013-05-01T19:05:00"
     -d timezone="America/Los_Angeles"
     -F file="@sample.wav;type=audio/wav" 
```

This endpoint is just a suggestion! The main goal is to fix the overwrite
issues with the `/messages` resource.

### /intents

I'm a bit confused why you can't create intents by POSTing to this endpoint, so
I may be missing something.

### /entities

Listing via `/entities` should return a list of objects instead of strings.
This allows you to return more entity fields in the future without a breaking
change.

```
[
  {"id": "wit$amount_of_money"},
  {"id": "wit$contact"},
  {"id": "wit$datetime"},
  {"id": "wit$on_off"},
  {"id": "wit$phrase_to_translate"},
  {"id": "wit$temperature"}
]
```

#### POST /entities

Other endpoints support form-encoded values, but here I have to use JSON.

The `id` parameter in the request gets remapped to `name` on output. The
documented parameter should be `name`.

When I'm missing a field, the API responds with

```
{
  "error" : "Bad request",
  "code" : null
}
```

Some more context would be nice, such as 

```
{
  "error" : "Request payload missing data",
  "code" : "missing-parameter",
  "param": "name"
}
```

Good job on duplicate detection on this endpoint, I wasn't able to overwrite
data.
