Here's my overview of the Rickshaw API. I really like the browseable
documentation. Makes it easy to try out the API without using cURL.

The API is a great start, but you'll need to fix some inconsistencies going
forward.

## Red Flags

Your API responds to traffic over HTTP, which means API tokens can be trivially
stolen by anyone sniffing traffic. I'd usually suggest shutting down port 80,
but since your API is served on the same domain as your website, that may not
be possible. I'd suggest hosting your API on a different sub-domain such as
`api.gorickshaw.com`.

Add the [Strict-Transport-Security][0] header to your site. It should take 10
minutes to add, and makes non-SSL HTTP connections less frequent.

[0]: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/HTTP_Strict_Transport_Security

You 301 redirect an HTTPS request to an HTTP endpoint. All HTTPS requests
should redirect to HTTPS endpoints.

I caused a 500 in the API, which returned HTML instead of JSON.

## Authentication

Basic authentication is a good start, but support for OAuth2 would be great.
This will make it easier to build mobile applications without distributing a
private key inside the app.

If I accidentally post my secret key to the public, there is no way for me to
cycle my keys.

Since you are showing me my key, I assume you're storing them as plaintext. It
would be better to generate the key once and give it to the user, and store
only the hashed version (you are hashing passwords I hope).

## Versioning

> An API without versioning is a man without water 
>   - Ancient Hypertext Wisdom 

Without versioning, it will be very difficult for you to make changes to your
API without breaking existing clients. I'd suggest following Heroku's lead and
version your API using the Accept header[2].

Once you have more than one version, create an API changelog[1] so clients know
what's changed.

[1]: https://stripe.com/docs/upgrades
[2]: https://github.com/interagent/http-api-design#version-with-accepts-header

## Content-Type

`Content-type` headers should also include the character set.  Currently, only
the HTML responses are being served with `charset=utf-8`.

    Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8

## Resources

### /address

Instead of return a `geocode_errors` message, have all address results return
the same attributes, including a boolean `deliverable` field.

Floats, such as `lat` and `lng`, should be numbers, not strings.

```js
{
  "lat": 37.7711831,
  "lng": -122.4518261,
  "deliverable": true,
  "exact_match": true,
  "location_id": 2629,
  "address": ["1995 Oak Street, San Francisco CA"]
}
```

### GET /parcels

The `total_parcel_count` will eventually become a bottleneck in API responses.
I'd suggest removing the field entirely (Seriously, this has happened at both
Twilio and Stripe).

The `parcels_per_page` attribute should be renamed to `page_size` to provide a
consistent paging interface over all resources.

Consider using the [Link Header][3] to pre-computer paging URLs for clients.

[3]: https://developer.github.com/guides/traversing-with-pagination/

### POST /parcels

This endpoint is designed to support both `application/x-www-form-encoded` and
`application/json`, even though you say the API only supports JSON. This
endpoint becomes much cleaner if you stick with just JSON, as you can nest
similar parameters. Instead of 

```js
{
  "orig_min": "2014-08-11T21:01:39Z",
  "dest_max": "2014-08-11T21:01:39Z",
  "orig_address": "",
  "dest_address": "",
  "orig_instructions": "",
  "dest_instructions": "",
  "description": "",
  "orig_name": "",
  "dest_name": "",
  "orig_phone": "",
  "dest_phone": ""
}
```

you can do

```js
{
  "origin": {
    "delivery": "2014-08-11T21:01:39Z",
    "address": "",
    "instructions": "",
    "name": "",
    "phone": ""
  },
  "destination": {
    "delivery": "2014-08-11T21:01:39Z",
    "address": "",
    "instructions": "",
    "name": "",
    "phone": ""
  }
  "description": ""
}
```

Better yeah?

Phone numbers should only be accepted in E.164. For example, all US numbers
should be prefixed with +1. Use [libphonenumber][phone] to parse the numbers.

[phone]: https://code.google.com/p/libphonenumber/

### GET /parcels/:uuid

Nice job using UUIDs. For clients, I'd suggest also proving a `url` attribute.

```js
{
    "uuid": "99f95577dd3a4d7298de5b3b6dca6c09", 
    "url": "https://gorickshaw.com/parcels/99f95577dd3a4d7298de5b3b6dca6c09", 
    ...
}
```

Phone numbers should also be formated as E.164.

### DELETE /parcels/:uuid

I tried deleting the same parcel twice and caused a server error. Oops.

### PUT /parcels/:uuid

PUT doesn't mean what you think it means. Only support PATCH.

### GET /parcels/:uuid/notifications

This resource is inconsistent with the `/parcels` resource. Either return an
array in both, or return an object in both. Don't mix and match.

### GET /parcels/:uuid/notifications/:uuid

No need to nest notifications under parcels. You should have a top-level
`/notifications` resource that lists all notifications for your account. To get
a notification, you'd use the `/notifications/:uuid` endpoint.

You can keep the `/parcels/:uuid/notifications` resource.

The phone numbers here aren't formatted the same as the parcels resource.
Again, this should be E.164.
